CSS Font Loading API fixes - FF104 (#19990)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/fontface/featuresettings/index.md

---
{{APIRef("CSS Font Loading API")}}

The **`featureSettings`** property of the {{domxref("FontFace")}} interface retrieves or sets infrequently used font features that are not available from a font's variant properties.

> It is equivalent to the {{cssxref("font-feature-settings")}} descriptor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This property is equivalent to the {{cssxref("font-feature-settings")}} descriptor.
```
